I can't find the answer,
Which way is the exit?
If you're looking for me, I'm right here.
Here, here, here,
Here, here.
Like faint moonlight carving out a path,
We grope our way through
the pitch-black road, moving forward.
Past midnight, sneaking out of the house,
We agreed to meet
on the hill overlooking this town.
We can't see anything,
But I can feel it for sure,
Love is right beside us.
Even if a monster
we've never seen before appears,
Don't ever run away from there.
The terrifying things are just illusions,
Testing the promises we made.
Do we move forward anyway, or turn back?
So, will you put your trust in me?
Here, here, here,
Here, here.
The rustling trees can't
just be from the wind, can they?
Am I the last person left in this world?
Even if anxiety deep inside
blocks our way,
Without stopping,
let's run straight through it.
Something's coming into view,
A silhouette of a ponytail.
It might be just an illusion,
But even if the scariest monster
blocks our way,
Close your eyes and think of me,
Because I'll be thinking of you.
Before long, all those distracting
thoughts will surely disappear.
Do you still love me?
Of course, I love you.
We should be able to meet very soon.
Even if a monster
we've never seen before appears,
Don't ever run away from there.
The terrifying things are just illusions,
Testing the promises we made.
Do we move forward anyway, or turn back?
So, will you put your trust in me?